Replace Defender Admin with Transaction Proposals (#4804)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/governance.adoc

https://www.tally.xyz[Tally] is a full-fledged application for user owned on-chain governance. It comprises a voting dashboard, proposal creation wizard, real time research and analysis, and educational content.

> For all of these options, the Governor will be compatible with Tally: users will be able to create proposals, see voting periods and delays following xref:api:interfaces.adoc#IERC6372[IERC6372], visualize voting power and advocates, navigate proposals, and cast votes. For proposal creation in particular, projects can also use https://defender.openzeppelin.com/v2/#/actions/executable[Defender Transaction Proposals] as an alternative interface.

Reviewer: This is showing up in the docs. I'd rather redirect to the docs as well since this link doesn't explain further what a Transaction Proposal is and it redirects you to the Defender Signup page if you're not logged in, what do you think?

```suggestion
For all of these options, the Governor will be compatible with Tally: users will be able to create proposals, see voting periods and delays following xref:api:interfaces.adoc#IERC6372[IERC6372], visualize voting power and advocates, navigate proposals, and cast votes. For proposal creation in particular, projects can also use https://docs.openzeppelin.com/defender/module/actions#transaction-proposals-reference[Defender Transaction Proposals] as an alternative interface.
```

Let’s say we want to create a proposal to give a team a grant, in the form of ERC-20 tokens from the governance treasury. This proposal will consist of a single action where the target is the ERC-20 token, calldata is the encoded function call `transfer(<team wallet>, <grant amount>)`, and with 0 ETH attached.

> Generally a proposal will be created with the help of an interface such as Tally or https://defender.openzeppelin.com/v2/#/actions/executable[Defender]. Here we will show how to create the proposal using Ethers.js.

Reviewer: Same rationale as before. Also specifying "Defender Proposals" for clarity, otherwise the link should go to the Defender landing page imo

```suggestion
Generally a proposal will be created with the help of an interface such as Tally or https://docs.openzeppelin.com/defender/module/actions#transaction-proposals-reference[Defender Proposals]. Here we will show how to create the proposal using Ethers.js.
```
